== ListSelect

Localiazed select lists helper.

Provides a simple helper to get an HTML select list of any lists defined in your locales files.
Has builtin lists for selecting countries, languages and more.
Adds country_select helper to integrate with SimpleForm and Formtastic.


== Requirements

Tested with Rails 3.0.0. Might work with other versions, too.


== Installation

Install a gem:
  
  gem install list_select  

Add it to your Gemfile:

  gem 'list_select'

Or you can install as a plugin:

  rails plugin install git@github.com:bitzesty/list_select.git


== Example

Define any list in your locale file RAILS_ROOT/config/locales/en.rb:

  :en => {
    :animals => {
      :dog => 'A Dog',
      :cat => 'A Cat',
      :cow => 'A Cow',
      :pig => 'A Pig'
    }
  }

Make a select list in your view(examples of different usage):

  <%= f.list_select(:pet, :animals) %>

  <%= list_select("user", "pet", :animals) %>

  <%= list_select_tag("user_pet", :animals) %>


== Options

The only List Select specific option is a :priority_items option.
All other options are the same as for other Rails form helpers.

  <%= f.list_select(:pet, :animals, :priority_items => [ :dog, :cat ]) %>
  <%= f.list_select(:pet, :animals, :default => :dog) %>
  <%= f.list_select(:pet, :animals, :include_blank => 'Select your pet...') %>


== Built in lists

There are built in lists. They are:

* countries_cldr.en
* countries_iso3166_1_alpha_2.en      # Recommended for Chargify API
* languages_cldr.en
* google_adwords_countries.en
* google_search_languages.en
* google_adwords_languages.en
* google_interface_languages.en

You need to install list you need before you can use it.

You can do this wth list_select generator.

Example:
  rails generate list_select --help               # See avalable lists
  rails generate list_select countries_cldr.en    # Install one you need

Notice:
You might need to restart your server for installed list to be available.


== Integration with 3rd party gems

ListSelect works with SimpleForm and Formtastic.
It adds country_select helper campatible with them.
You can also customize the countries list you use.
Default country list is :countries_cldr.

See examples:

  <%= f.input :country %>                              # will use countries_cldr list (you should install it first)
  <%= f.input :country, :list => :my_country_list %>   # use :my_country_list defined in your locale files
  <%= f.input :country, :priority => [:US,:BY] %>      # set priority options
  <%= f.input :country, :prompt => 'Select one...' %>  # set the prompt
  <%= f.input :country, :include_blank => true %>      # include blank option


== TODO

* Add tests
* Add rake tasks to refetch lists
* Add more lists and locales

Copyright (c) 2010 Dmitry Naumov, released under the MIT license
